this is a ai companion type project which is like character ai (c.ai)

step-by-step procedure:

    using clerk made a signin and signup page which made authentication easily
    defined a  schema in prisma for category
    made homepage which had all the categories in which char's can  be listed
    .
    .
    made a create new ai page
    api redirect there
    used cloudinary for image upload
    and made a form using react form hook which is very complex - try to study it again
    when submit button is clicked, the data is feeded into db and then the page is refreshed to home page

technologies used:
1. nextjs
    routing in nextjs is done using folder structure
    (foldername) represents a group of file structure, doesnt come under considereation for routing
    [foldername] represents for specific api id or companion id which is to be added in the url
    layout.tsx file contains the structure for all the pages in that folder. if we want nav to be shown all across the page then we add navbar component in layout
    we make components in components folder

2. clerk
    used for login, signup functions 
    maintains a database of the users who logged in or signed up
    provides user management
    built in sign up and signin pages
    built in validity checks

3. shadcn
    component based library for ui 
    download a specific component you need from their website using npm then import it as specified in the docs 
    contains many variant and also you can create one of your own
    components/ui

4. prisma
    in here db schemas are made and generated which are then fed into the db
    it is a orm model which allows you to define your database schema in a TypeScript-friendly way
    two steps to follow whenever schema is changed:
        npx prisma generate
        npx prisma db push
    to view your db in browser 
        npx prisma studio

5. neon tech 
    db provider
    out tables and data is stored in here
    free sources provider (as planetscale is now paid which was used in the video)

6. cloudinary
    cloud-based image and video processing platform that enables developers to easily upload, store, manipulate, and deliver images and videos in their web and mobile applications.